>> Kyle Simpson: So let's turn our
attention now to the second core
foundation of JavaScript, the scope,
the lexical scope system and
specifically the closure pattern
that's build on top of that.
[COUGH] This will be our most
intensive curriculum in this workshop.
So expect there's a bunch of
exercises that we iterate on here,
three or four I think at least.
Exercises where we iterate on these
topics and there's a lot to get through.
So, definitely make
sure you keep yourself,
you keep your brain fresh on these topics.
If you're watching online or
watching later, make sure you go back and
review the materials you don't miss out.
So, where we wanna go is first looking
at how lexical scope works in terms of
nesting, how these scopes nest together.
Then we wanna talk about a topic, how many
of you have heard of hoisting before?
Have you heard that term?
Okay, so we're gonna talk about hoisting.
Hoisting is made up,
it's not real, it doesn't exist.
If you look at the spec,
there's no existence of the word
hoist cuz it's not a real thing.
It's actually a metaphor for
describing how the compiler works.
And by the way, did you know
JavaScript is a complied language?
We're gonna get into all of that stuff.
So we're gonna talk about some compiler
theory, talk about how lexical scope is
actually processed and what that means for
how we interpret our code.
Then we're gonna look at
closure specifically.
How many of you have ever had or given or
maybe both the job interview,
what is closure?
Anybody ever had that question or
heard that question before?
It's a pretty common one.
I received it at least once, and
I gave it probably a hundred times in
my capacity working as a developer.
And when I would ask
people in a job interview,
I was brought in because I was kind of the
JavaScript expert at my job, or whatever.
So they always me to come in and
vet the candidate,
do they really know what they're
talking about with JavaScript?
That's why I was brought in.
So I had this set of rigorous questions.
And I could tell pretty quickly whether or
not somebody had paid any attention to
regularly thinking about the language or
if they would just you know read some
Stack Overflow post or
something like that.
So it does not take much
to filter through that.
But I asked that question,
what is closure?
And much more often that not,
the answer I would get to that question
would be something to the effect of,
well, it's like asynchronous callbacks,
and set timeout, and click handlers.
Okay, can you give me any
more information than that?
And people would stumble to articulate.
And as I said at
the beginning of our course,
closure is the most important concept
ever invented in computing science.
Why is it so important and yet the most
basic of questions can you articulate?
If I were to ask you right now,
if I put you on the spot and
said, tell me what closure is,
if you haven't seen this course before and
you haven't read my book,
how would you answer that question?
I think it's important
to have a very crisp and
specific answer to that question,
to know exactly what it is.
And it turns out, closure's not some
brand new thing that I have to teach you.
I just have to teach you to recognize
where closure already exists in all your
existing programs.
So we're gonna look at closure.
We wanna be really familiar with that and
how we use it.
And finally, that leaves us our big
takeaway, the big punchline here.
It leads us to understanding
the module pattern.
The module pattern is
probably the most important
pattern in all of JavaScript
in terms of code organization.